Relay please how is that possible
This is really happening again
Dragon Guard
It really came
How could this be?
The old monk thanked the slave
The 10,000-person guard has a lot of beauty in front of Long Shuai
The old lady still thanks Mr. Long and Miss Ye
The reason why we Long Shuai gave Grandpa's family a chance
Just because looking in front of the two of them
Lin Jingtian, you can put forward any requirements.
OK
I'll just say it.
I have helped Ye
The family was given the opportunity to meet with Mingshi
My request now is to want shares in Second House
Give it to my fiancee
Long Jingtian, what nonsense are you talking about?
That can't be done, grandma
Absolutely not.
Grandma, you won't agree
Right, Longjing Tian?
Don't make such an unreasonable request
Isn't the daughter-in-law apologizing with the wind?
I promise you to stop fooling around
Apologize to my sister in order to follow the wind
It's over
You really know how to make up your mind.
Everything good has to be accounted for, right?
Family, you promised
Did you think of me instead?